The gameplay and tutorial are much better now. But there are some changes and new requirements.
1. in the research menu, the back button is at the bottom left of the screen. whereas in other screens it is at top left. I want to maintain an uniform behaviour accross the game so keep the back button in top left only. Also for other such cases keep things organized and in a similar structured way. Not in any hapazard way. 
2. I have noticed that the brain cells are showing in the main menu. This is wrong. The brain cell is part of the level only and gets reset on each level. so we can progress on each level separately. So dont show the brain cell currency in the menu. Only show it during the game. Also for the knowledge points, keep them on the menu only not in the game scenes. The text for knowledge points and number is too small. make them bigger so its easily seen.
3. in lore level selection, its only showing 1 lore. The text used "LORE I - SIX CHAPTERS" remove this. I want to show lore 1 in a similar way as i am showing the buttons for the levels. with fast forward buttons (2 triangles merged together) on left and right clicking which i show the levels of the other lores. the changing lores need to be cyclic so going left and right ends up in lore 2 where i dont want to show any levels and it should show (in development). 
4. After the first play if someone again clicks on tutorial. i want to show a confirmation screen telling that they have already completed the tutorial and do they still wish to ontinue or not. Also I want animate a angled text "Reccommended" to the bottom right of the endless mode to make that catchy so player can get interested and click there.
5. In endless mode, after 1 wave itself the game is endling and i see the library defended screen. I want the game to keep continuing for 30 waves and a boss level every 5th level (104 normal 5th is boss, 6-9 normal, 10th boss ...). The difficulty and number of enemies should keep increasing gradually making things harder. Currently its only one level fix this. Also in boss level, i walso want to have the normal enemies. And in endless mode, after each boss level, when i get the reward of knowledge point i want to ask the player to continue or end the run. 
6. also in the lore level 1 to 6, send more enemies and increase the game difficulty gradually. in higher levels make it such that the player gets overwhlmed and cant win without using turrets.
7. I wanted to add player run particle effect. curently it comes as big blie squares. Rather i want them to be small cloudy particles so they dont make the game look weird and rather make it look genuine. Same with the enemy attacking library. i want to have small browish particles so they feel like the wood is getting chopped of that library. For other particles effects as well fix this and make things look incredible and which goes with the theme of this game
8. I had played some of the other levels. The enemies were going through the ground. the path tiles were not drawn correctly. Fix that. for all the scenes check if the path and other sprites are drawn correctly or not. 
9. I want the library HP to be 15 by default and it can be permanently upgraded 20 times of increments of 5 wit h increasing knowledge point. Also reset the progress of the game so that i can play the game fom start. Also for a new player, if they try to put turrets none will be avaialble and they need to play the tutorial to unlock the turrets. Currently the attack speed and range of turrets are too much. Reduce them. Both will be upgradale individually in research menu using research points.
10. in the level select menu, after completing a level its showing a 3 star rating and  the best time, the best and time is going out of the screen. I want this bes t time to be shown in angle on the corner of the level above in a box so things look interesting.
11. in game i wanted a button in the top when showing the timer for next wave clicking which we can skip the wait time and enemies will come direclty (use the 2 triangle fast forward button) Same way when we strt a game for the first time, rather than starting the game immediately, i want to show a timer of 30 seconfs for the enmies to come with the fastforwarf button to skip the wait. 
12. in game the brain icon and count in the top centre should be aligned correclty. Its going outside and overlapping with the next wave timer. Fix that.
13. For more than 1 enemy starting points, dont have differnet path sprites. Use the same sprites with same colours. Fix this