1. The cinemachine is good but i dont want any kind of rotational movements in the camera. so remove the tilts. Only make the zooming in and out. Also the cinemachine zooming is not smooth. its very clunky and having jittery movements. please make this smooth. for the main camera keep the size as 7 from 10. And on player movement it should become 10 gradually and then come back to 7 when payer is idle for more than 1 second gradually.
2. The research section in menu look much better now. but Whatever turret / abilities are no unlocked yet, I want them not to be shown in the research area normally. instead in the research it will show as the item to be unlocked. we need research points to unlock items which will make that level1 and then we can continue upgrading them further.
3. in case the enemy dies outside the playable area for the player, the brain cells are spawining outside as well which are not able to be collected. I want them to spawn in the path where the player can go and collect. sowherever the enemy is the brain cell must spawn in the correct travel possible path even if the enemy is outside. This is creating the problem in tutorial section where the player has to collect but they cant and hence the tutorial cant continue to the next step. Fix this ASAP. This is game breaking bug.
4. For the tutorial step "Clear the wand, the highlight is not clear that we need to click the refresh area. i want the regresh button to have an animation instead for getting size increase and decrease rapidly so the player know that they have to click there. Do this for the keyboard typing area as well. Also in case the player presses delete or backspace in the real keyboard, this functionality of refresh should work as well. Do this. Also on clicking the refresh. the player cant see the eait time. Just like the wand correupted thing, i want a panel on top of the rekboard with the timer telling the wand buffer is resetting with the timer so the player knows that they have to wait.
5. on level mode select menu on selecting tutorials i want to show 2 tutorials - basics, turrets. The 2nd one stays locked and 1st one is unlocked by default. on finishing 1st tutorial we get the reward for the 1st turrent after which we can play the next tutorial where i explain how to use brain cell to place turrets. On completing this they unlock the first ability for the library for free (otherwise if a player does not play the tutorials they can stil unlock them using research points) Also there will be a 3rd tutorial for using abilities from the library. Make these. 3 new scenes and make sure they are inter linked so continue with next tutorial button goes to the next tutorial and after completing next tutorial the next level continues with level 1 of lore 1. Make these.
6. in the top UI, the timer icon and text are overlapping each other. fix this.
7. for the tutorial repair it yourself, i dont see the option button as the tutorial todo text comes on top of this. for this case make sure thetodo text is shown below and the repair button is clickable. Its also a game breaking bug. Fix asap. check for other tutorial steps and see if there are any such problematic game breaking scenerios and fix them .for the new tutorials as well keep this in mind.