1. The keys, want the text - everything seems unaligned. I want things centred and structured. will share reference image.
2. for choosing the turret or the upgrades, i want to show the required brain cells. It currently only shows a number
3. in game UI fonts need to be a little bigger and more aligned. 
4. The player should be able to move accross the trees and rocks. Also when placing a turrent in place of a rock or tree, the player first have to clear the tree/rock and then only they will get the option to place the turret. Also I notice that when selecting the turret the game is pausing but there is no clue to the player of why. I want that on selecting the turret, rather than showing the sub options there itself, I want to show a confirmation panel (use the prefab which should also fade the background making a black tint , so thge player gets to know what needs to be done) So on placing the turret it asks keep or cancel. Same with the abilities. And all of these will be in the settings so that if that is disabled (enabled by default), then this confirmation will not be asked and the turrent will be directly placed without asking.
5. The letters on the enemy are visible but the text is dark and box is also dark. What i wanted that the colour of the enemy is decided based on the number of letter which make the word for the enemy. See issues3.txt in how the colour is decided. For an enemy with text as "CAT" its below 10 so it should have the colour of white. Why are you showing red. Also the text colour changes gradually. Also the colour of the enemy changes on each hit by the player or the turret.
5. I noticed that the turret after selecting does not have any type. I wanted various types of turrents. See the gameidea.txt on the types. I wanted that after selecting the turret, it will ask for which type and after selecting the type then only the turret will get placed (or wait for the confirmation of keep and cancel panel). 
6. I see you have generated many images for the towers and UI icons. but they dont seem to be used in the game. Use these generated icons, towers, brain cells, UI buttons. Use the ones you have generated.
7. in the bottom area, the enemy text, my wands buffer, keyboard - all these dont seem to be aligned in the centre. Fix these. Also there seems to be a line between the enemy name and the want buffer. The line is also mis aligned. Fix the UI alignment issue overall. 

--- I will have more issues. But fix these issues first.