After gameprogress8.md, I again play tested the game and found some changes needed to be done.
The tutorial/research related stuff are missing which will be done in the next phase ...
1. The entire menu and sub menu items seem highly unaligned. The icons are not centred to the container (like in game pause button seems to be on the top right corner inside the boxxed container, and others). Also many of the icons look weird. I want the icons to look professioanl and clean and polished also in the pause menu, I am having the desciption text misaligned. its looking really odd and unprofessiaonl.
2. on clicking the exit to menu on the pause menu, the pause menu should get faded as well duing the confirmation window that appears.so that the confirmation screen is visible properly
3. the highlight/outline for the tiles where the player is on is showing above the player. Its looking odd. I want the player to be at the top and the hightlight to be below the player but above the tile.
4. For the enemy paths in the art monochrome directory I have added the 6 files with "_2" and then i want these to be used as the enemy paths. 
5. The enemies are moving as expected. But I want the enemy box to be bigger than the letter. So make the letter a bit smaller so they fit correctly within the box. Also I want fixed shades of colours upto 64 characters max. An enemy cant be more than 64 characters of letters. for the colours I want a very dark purple colour at 64 which will fade to pink around 50s then red around 40s, orange around 30s and yellow around 20s and then sloly become white before ending at 0. All the inbetweens will be different shades of the colours i had mentioned. The letter colour will be light initially but after orange the text colour becomes black. 
6. Currently i see words only as history and book. I want a scriptable file for each lore level and tutorial to have that scriptable file. I would be adding variou words in real time with delay and also wave wise so I want to have an array of words as string with delay in seconds, wave wise. so each level has x number of waves chosen by me and each wave has y number of words with custom delays chosen by me. Also have a toggle for each wave which will normalize and assign delays for each word equally based on some average typing speed and ending time for that wave based on the number of words added in that wave. I can still change after that auto delay assignment. This should be easily working in the editor itself so i can setup levels for my own.
7. the ingame text like library health, the water, hills, trees, clouds, player and ground looks really really silly. I wanted them minimalistic but not looking dumb. Upgrade all these things i mentioned and make them better so they can look professional and creative and artistic. Also I wanted the player to be not able to go in the water or mountains inside the game area. But the player can walk there itseems. Also the player should be able to walk near the rocks and trees and ground and enemy paths and library for thye necessary options.
8. Also I will be creating different scenes for different lore levels, tuttorial and others. So make the prefabs for everything so it can be resued like for creating enemy paths, andall the tilemaps and things can be easily setup in a brand new scene. Make things eaiser in the setip process.
9. Clicking the controls in pause menu brings an unattractive and stupid bunch of text which is not fun to use. I want things to look more interesting and prettier. Use better fonts, add more style. Also there is no close button on clicking controls button. Also the screen below controls must fade. for any panel that opens the below area needs to be dafes with a darker tink layer. So the above text is more readable.
10. Also the game is in complete black and white which is i think now going much. I want to add prettier clourful design and arkwork. Discard my previous thought on making the game as black and white. I want pretties colourful artwork and menu and all ther UI. keep the roads as whatever i had made.
11. continue with adding the tutorial elements in the tutorial level. liek before the game starts tell the player how to move then add a continue button, tell them what to type and show them that the enemies are moving and then also show them that when the enemies reach the end they will attack the library costing HP. so show an automated gameplay so the player can understand the game intent. I also want the tutorial to show the player to collet the droped brain cells. (The current brain cells are mixing with the ground and path. Make things colourful and scatter them randomly around the path os its easier for the player to notice and collect them). I want to show that on collecting these brain cell the count increases at the top which can be used to buy upgrades. 
12. Between each wave there needs to be a 30 seconds delay and it will tell that 30 secs for next wave. if we dont want to wait, there will be a fast forward button which will bring the next set of enemies and skip the delay. I want to show this in the tutorial as well. And make the tutorial easier so players can feel engaged and it should be noob/beginner friendly like typing 2-3 small 3-4 letters words in a slow pace so peopel dont get overwhelmed.
13. I see an issue with the turrets. On choosing a turret they keep attacking even though we have not selected whether to keep them or cancel. Currently the enemy speed feels too fast like moving the player and typing ... So I want to decrease the current enemy speeds by 25%. Also For the tile/library/turret options, I want that when i select any option the game is paused and it continues when i keep or cancel the items i wanted. Also in the settings i want to have an option to continue the game on selecting any options os in later game stages people can have the game running normally when they are okay with the game speed and progress. 
14. the cinemachine feels boring. make it more gradual and interesting like more translation and zooming in and out in player movement and idle.