i tested the gameplay. i need some changes. 
1. in the launch screen, I only want to show the continue button in big. And the exit button will be a door icon on the top right of the screen. But I dont want to show these immediately. I want the splash screen to be shown normally for 2 seconds. and then with a fade animation of .5 seconds the buttons will appear gradually. Also remove the text "Defend the divine library". The continue text needs to be a little bigger. On clicking exit I want to show a confirmation panel.
2. On pressing continue, in the menu as well i want the same splash screen image. i dont want the purple background on menus. All the UI menus, settings, level selection will have that artwork.
3. in game pause menu is partially broken, the buttons are going outside the panel box. (image attached)
4. in the UI, the brain cell icon is showing but the number is not. For purchasing turrets, the brain cell count is showing close to the text. I want them distinct, The currency should be in the top right of the button. The overall text in UI looks really small and not much readable. Improve that make the texts bigger.
5. in the menu i want to show the brain cells and research point available. And on each game i get 1 research point. Also killing 1 boss we get 1 reserch point. they are auto credited.
6. I want to improve the game replaybility. So rather than unlocking all the turrets and abilities, i want to keep them locked. On completing the tutorial thes first turret is unlocked. On finishing lore level 1 2nd turret is unlocked. Thi way i want. Also after each game ends, i want the game to feel engaging. I want to show that they unlocked the tower. There needs to be a game win menu (also want a game loss menu) from which player can see the rewards and continue to the next level directly or go back to menu. 
7. For the tutorial level, I want to highlight the place on the screen where the player has to click or move. This way it will be forceful and the player has to follow the instructions.
8. Create 2 more levels in lore 1. ALso the 2nd option in level sect menu should open a new menu rather than starting with the level. Currently it has only 1 level so its okay. But I want to show all the levels at once and then on the second clikc on any of the levels the game starts. 
9. There needs to be a 2x and 3x button in the settings which will make the game time 2x or 3x. Also there needs to be a button below next wave timer so that we can skip the timer.
10. Also improve the overall game in how it feels for a new player and add stuff like animations in the menu and game so that the player feels interested. Then follow along with the next phase. Upgrade the player speeds, the enemye speeds and turret attack reload speeds to some optimal time so the game can feel challenging and not boring.