I tested the gameplay. its really good. but still need some changes
1. in the settings i am having game speed as 1x (selected by default) then 2x and 3x. This is a game level thing. Its not a permanent thing. all levels by default load at 1x. I want this in the pause menu on the game levels which can be changed in the game levels itself and changing that will be keeping only on that level. When the level ends its reset to 1x.
2. For the tutorial, on clompleting the tasks, the acknowledge screen is shown immediately. I want a small delay. Also in case of say enemies attacking the library. I want to see the damage the library gets and then the particle effects of attacking the library. Currently it immediately shows the next screen this is wrong. Also library is getting auto repaired which is alos wrong. I want the player to be instructed to be moved towards the library tile and then repair manually by clicking on repair. 
3. The current player movement particle effects are too minimal and cant even bee seen. increase the particle count and make it closer to the player to the spread is less.
4. I found a bug that when moving the player to the right, the last tile in the ground there is space but still the player cant go. it feels like an invisible wall. shift that wall 1 block to the right. i thing it is placed incorrectly. Same issue with the top part. the bottom and left side bounds are working correctly.
5. also the audio controls i want to show in the pause menu itself. The settings is in case of menu. the pause menu is in case of the game.
6. the enemy hitting library particle effects is also not quite visible. fix that. I want to show the player in  real time with the particle effects and sound effects.
7. in case of library defended or fell, rather than just showing the text i also want to show the image of the library. in case of defended using the library sprite and use a shield image above it. in case of fell use a skull and cross image on top of the library. Also i want to add background animation in case of game win and loss scenerios. 
8. currently the camera distance of the cinemachine is quite far. i want to zoom in a bit like 1.5 times the current view. Also want to have a lot of camera movements in case of player movements. Make things gradual and not sturdy.
9. I wanted to give the first turret (Teacher) as a reward on completing the tutorial. But on playing that it seems i dont have the tower. For other towers they need to be unlocked using research points. For getting a reward, just like the game win screen i want to show another screen immeidately after clicking continue on next level OR cliicking main menu. I want to show this screen of that reward.
10. in the research menu. Currently all the individual upgrades are shown separately. I want them to be structures. Make a section for library and then show options - building and abilities. on clicking any of them they expand and show the options respectively. Turrets are a different section. Similarly player is the 3rd section. All of the upgrades will be expandable to know more about previous value and upgraded new value and also on expanding one option the others collapse on their own. So update this researh section correctly.
11. Also just like the lores and levels, i want multiple tutorials. So on level select menu on selecting tutorials it should open a new menu for selecting the tutorial. the current one make them as basics. then on completing 1st one and getting the reward of turrets, i want to show the 2nd tutorial as unlocked and then this new tutorial will be about how to get brain cells and use them to place the turret in the correct location and use them to help destoying the enemies.
12. Also use a lock image (icon) and put them on the levels and tutorials which are locked and cant be played until the previous one is completed. for all the levels until one level is completed, i dont want them to be able to play the next level so add the locked icon and disable the button from clicking.