i played the game and it feels clunky and not what i expected. All the sprites need to be 128px x 128px
NOTE: Dont get any artwork from the asset styores or anything online. I want custom created artwork from aseprite or other pixel artworks. First of all I want the artwork to be minimalistic. I prefer black white and gray to be used for all the artworks. restart with all the artworks. 

1. for the enemy paths, i want to have 6 different sprites - horizontal (the current one), vertical, turning left and top, turning top and right, turning left and bottom, turning bottom and right.
2. for the ground the current sprite is good but i want some small variations so it adds more dynamic feeling to all. Also i want the entire ground to look symmetric. Also in the current setting the path is sometimes getting diagonal. I want only 90 degree turns. So fix all the sprites so they look good
3. for the turrets i want minimalist artwork as well. The current ones are tooo too much. I want simple artwork. Also for the player, it needs to be some simple character with animations. I want minimalist artwork.
4. For the library i want a pyramid like university. This one needs to be 256px x 256px so that it can take 4 times the space of one tile.
5. There wont be any context tilemap. I wanted that when the player moves, which ever ground tile (not the path tile), is close to the player, the player will be able to place the turrents. so on moving the player, everytime the closest ground tile (the tile the player is standing upon) will get highlighted (like glowing edges). 
6. I want the game base aspect ratio to be tested with 9:16 (portrait). The bottom 30% of the viewport will be used for these --
a. keyboard (I want to use QWERTY layout).
b. the refresh button needs to be in the right side but rather than refres written on it. i want to use the reload icon (like 2 semicircular shaped lines with arrows feeling like they are spinning. make that kind of icon)
c. Above the keyboard, Rather than showing error buffer [][][][] ... like this ... I want to show a gun icon  on the left and after that [....] and over the time as the letters are typed, the dots are replaced by the actual letters in order from left to right. The dots wont be ".". Rather make a dot like sprite so it can be enlarged.
7. I want the top 30% of the viewport to include the game stats and other details.
a. At the top it will show wave number (like Wave 1) and it will show the elapsed time (like 00:00 in Mins:Secs) along with the time icon to the left. then it will show a pause button (paise icon like two solid bars). Clickiing the pause button, the game timescale will be paused and a new window (overlay) will pop up above the current screen such that the screen below looks slightly faded and blurred. The pause menu will contain the game mode, lore/level/ wave details, time elapsed, brain cells colected, a continue button and a go back to menu button. But on clicking the menu button it will show a confirmation window. 
b. below this it will show the enemy full name. In the current game the desired output is completely wrong as of how I wanted things to be. I dont want any enemy character. The enemy will be a squared sprite with 1 letter on top of it. If the enemy coming is "BOOK", then the enemy sprite will have the letter as "B" only. in the top in the viewbork it wil show "BOOK" but in the enemy it will s=only show "B" is what i mean. Also when the player types B, the enemy letter needs to update in real time from B to O and in the top as well the work needs to become "OOK" from "BOOK".
c. Just below this word I will see a distiction line and then see the options section depending on where the player is standing. If the player is standing on the library - they will see these options - repair (disable this option if i dont have the brain cells or HP is max) this option will show the required brain cells to fix to add hp to the library. Then the second option will be abilities. on clicking abilities it wil show sub options below the parent options (the 3 options i had mentioned before each with required brain cells). I want these options and suboptions such that row wize at max 3 are shown at once and then the next options if any, come below on the next line. On standing on an empty ground tile, i will see only 1 parent option as turrents and then the 3 sub options (along with brain cells required). On clicking one, the turret comes on the game and i see sub sub options for that turrent selected which will be keep and cancel (like a confirmation). on keeping it will consume the brain cells and place the turrent and it can immediately begin attacking. but if cancel then it goes back and the sub sub options will dissapear as well. Same again on going to a ground tile with a n already placed turrent i will see options to upgrade / sell as available.
8. the in between 40% of the screen I will be keeping for the actual game. The library health will not be shown in the Ui. Rather it will be shown in the game world itself on top of the library sprite. I want to remove the texts Keyslaught // Types combat from the game. Also the game controls in the bottom remove them and rather but them nicely in a panel which activates when the player clicks on the controls button which i will give in the pause menu. I want to use cinemachine so that when the player is moving i want to zoom out and when the player is idle or standing doe long, i want to slowing zoom in. Outside the main game zone i want to put a player boundary beyond which the player cant move and then outside of it  iwant to keep some sort of rocky terrain. I want the enemy spawn point to be somewhere in the rocky terrat and the path comes in the game zone such that the enemies can come from outside to the game zone but the player will not be able to leave the bounds. When the players reaches the edge or corner of the playable zone, i want to show the rocky terrain and then clouds on top of it to have the vision that it is civered in clouds and cant be accessible. Make a different set od sprites to make the outside terrain. So this will solve the issue where curretly it shows black on the outside view
9. The player on screen controller is in box shape i want to make it circular shape and make it a bit transluscent so that the are below it can be seen partially. Also the movement feels too fast. Slow it down. Also rather than fixing the controller on a particular part of the screen on the game 40% view I want it such that when the player is not using the controller it gets disabled and when the player uses it they can click and drag anywhere on the screen and the controller will appear right there nad help in movement. So i want a dynamic controller which does not show at all when the player is using keyboard and arrow keys and if the player wnats to control using the on screen controller then they can click anywhere on the screen and drag to make the player move rather than clicking on that particular area. Have this. This wil be a dynamic addition to the game.
10. I want to have lighting on the scene. Add some torches along the pathway using point light. In case there is no light in an area i want the are to be compeltely dark. I want it this way so that any area outside the play zone like the rocky terrain looks dark. Also I want to have a very little base light on the playable area. On each kill the brain cell that i received will also act as a temporary shiny light source., for the brain cell make a sprite that looks like a small brain. Keep it much smaller than the enemies which will drop along the path way randomly and the player needs to collect it manually by travelling. If the player does not collect then also the brain cells will be automatically collected automatically after the wave ends. So an enemy "Book" and an enemy "BORING" will drop the same looking brain cell but the 1st one adds +4 brain cells and the next one adds +6. In case multiple brain cells are together tightly i wnt to clump them together like in this case it will be become +10.
11. In the current game play the enemies are not following the exact game path line. I want them to follow exactly. the same path.

FINALLY - 
I want you to use prefabs so that repeated things can be used in different places using one prefab and not repeating the same thing. also create the tile palettes and tilemaps so that in future i can create levels manually by drawing the tiles myself. Also for the ground tiles add some tiles with trees and rocks where the player cant build directly. they have to clear the rocks/trees first using brain cells after which they can put upgrades. Also other than the rocky terrain outside, in the game zone as well i want to have water and mountain sprites where the player cant go and so cant place turrets as well. I want these so the game world can look more dynamic and beautiful and then they look more challenging for the player to be not able to go there making less area to put turrets. Make 4-12 different water and mountain sprites which covers all directtions so things dont look odd. 

ALSO all the sprites that you make needs to be consistent with each other and the game theme so that they look like 1 game rather than being a mixture of messed up themes.