1. The options text needs to be minimal (screenshot attached). For the turret options i want to only show the turrent type and brain cell required number and the icon. I dont want "1 Teacher". Simple put Teacher. Also the brain cell need to be icon to have the minimum space consumed. I dont want the text "brain cell". Also in the image, the 1st and 4th options are mixing together. Make the options such that they look distint and the background containing box should have more height to contain the text.
2. the PAUSED menu panel is good. but the PAUSED text is too much near the edge. Make things more centered and add padding for things to look good. Keep the information inside with bigger text and it should be more interactive using icons and animations rather than simple text. Add more design elements and animations in the Menu and overall UI to make things more interactive, interesting and less boring to look at.
3. Add music and sound effects to make the game more interesting. Also I want a way such that for all the music and sound effects, I can change the files and it should update the music/sfx accordingly. I also want a way to control the volume in the individual level for all of them. Also for the music and sound effects it should be running all the time like persistant in scene changes. So for sfx it will be one only for - enemy hit, library hit, player corrupted, turret placed, turret, sold, turret upgraded, UI button click, game win, game lost, round start, ... and all other interactive places where sound can be added. For the sound i want them to be guitar or tabla or saxophone. The sound needs to be subtle. Also dont use any existing sfx from asset stores. I want things to be made by AI only. For the music for now create a simple 2 minutes of jazz from 1900s. Later I will be adding more music on my own.
4. when the player hit the enemies, the wand gets corrupted. But the player doesnt see any effect for that. I want an hit and knocking off effect to the player and an SFX. Also the bottom typing area gets faded (disabled) and on top of it it shows "wand corrupted" and then the time needed to reset it. This will also reset the buffer.
5. I noticed that the bottom UI part is too close to the viewport edge. Same at the top. I want to have a minimum safety margin in case the device the player is playing at has notches making things unplayable. SO add a small padding on the vertical edges. 
6. The settings menu should also be in the pause menu. keep a settings button in the pause menu itself which will open and fade the below area as the others.
7. The next wave and time needs to be in the same line. use the brain cell icon instead of the text. and the time icon make it look more classy like which goes with the game and should not look silly like it looks now
8. I want more waves (5 total) and at the end there should be a boss wave with a big word of 20+ letters. Rather than mixing random words together to make the big word, I want an actual word of that size. Later on we can have words which are a mixup but for level 1 i want to use meaningful words. Make 2-3 levels after that as well. 
9. the turret attack speeds need to be changed. make them slower. also different turrets will have different attack speeds. teacher attacks fast ... engineer a bit slow ... this way make them even more slower as the tpe increases. The game should feel like a challenge and not boring and easy.
10. Lastly I want a cool artwork for the game "KeySlaught (Using image generation). This will be used as the splashscreen image that shows when the game starts. I want this iamge to look good like show a 3D keyboard like image in an angle down , show a library to faraway in the hill top, show enemies proceeding with letters on them, and show the player shooting them with the wand and then show mountains, trees, lakes and an enemy bath in between. The cover art should look over promising and artistic than the actual game giving it an animated and polished game vibe.
