1. the menu UI currencies are overlapping the other options (image attached)
2. in selecting the levels and on clicking lore 1. First of all, it should be named as "Levels" and on clicking there i see many lores each with multiple levels. Now for the existing buttons, they dont work. no new scene is being loaded. check and fix that
3. in the tutorial, the tasks on being completed are getting marked with text like this "[]". I want to use actual green tick marks. Also use icons and images wherever possible to make things seem as more interesting rather than text.
4. In the tutorial for "library damage demo", in case i am far away from the library, the enemy reaches library and we cant see that on our screen. Fix this in some way either changing the library location in some area on the centre or have the player able to be moved so that we can see the enemy going to the library. Also for this purpose of this tutorial keep this enemy at a higher speed so that they reach the library fast. Also in the tutorial itself i want to show the repairing of the library. 
5. the players range should only be shown when the player is moving. and show the outline is too big. reduce this thickness for the range.
6. And particle effects for player moving, enemy hit, enemy attacking library, then round win / loss.
7. increase the number of enemies in the levels like 5-20 enemies per wave. and a variety of child friendly words. Also after ending the tutorial, the player should get the first tower unlocked. 
8. in the research tree, we should be able to upgrade the towers individually. Also the enemy speed seems very slow. make things challenging.
9. same issue with the levels. on finishing level 1 on clicking next level nothing works. check if the levels are added to the scenes. Also add more levels in lore 1 upto 6 levels. intensifying the words and bosses. On each level there needs to be a boss. But when playing lore level 1 there was no boss fix that. I want to have atleast 5-6 waves per level ending witha boss battle.
10. keep the knowledge point requirement and brain cell currency and in game turrent purchase requirements optimal so people has to grind a little to get the currencies and then only they can buy. Make all the economics of the game optimal.