Question #2: Gameplay Insights & Strategy 
Pick a mobile free-to-play genre or sub-genre that you believe no one has truly cracked yet, or one that is overdue for reinvention. Explain why you think it hasn’t worked so far, and what it would actually take to build a breakout hit there. 
A note on using AI: We are very familiar with the standard responses generated by ChatGPT, Claude, and Gemini. Submitting a generic, unedited AI response demonstrates a lack of critical thinking and will not differentiate you from the hundreds of other applicants. 
--------------------------------------------
My though on exisitng genres - 
There have been several genres and sub genres which have been very popular in the last 10 years like social deduction genre in case of Among us and all the games that followed after it. The battle royale genre of PUBG and the artistic and minimalistic roguelite survivor genres of Vampire Survivors, Brotato. Then the extraction shooter genre with the new games - Escape from tarkov, Arc Raiders and even the mobile game LILA has been working upon. Now I believe following along an existing genre will not be as captivating to the players as creating a hype for a new genre and making a capable and promising game that keeps the promise. 

My opinion -
Some genres and sub genres that no one has truly cracked yet are - 
1. AR Games - Surely pokemon GO haS earned quite a name but as per India and over all the game is dying and isnt as popular mostly due to the obviosu limitations which is why the genre has not been cracked yet. Limitations - Hardware limitations since AR games are GPU heavy and can run poorly even with current optimizations.
2. Voice driven games - There has been small games (like in snapchat i have seen where you move a duck in a mario like track with voice control) but mostly used as VOIP in horror and war type games for communication. But not popular in mobile. This is mostly innovatively new and has potential. No one has cracked this genres because maybe people like to talk less while playing?
3. AI games (Not AI in development ... but having an AI inside the game itself). Have seen some educational games where a child draws something and the AI takes that drawing and creates an actual real time object in game. This is the newest king of game I have seen. Since this completely new no one has gone in depth with it so it hasnt worked in a large scale. I am sure many game developers are currently building on this genre

Possibility -
1. AR/VR Games have a lot of future potential but due to the player base harware limitations or  production costs they still might not be viable. And surely not a good idea for mobile games.
2. Voice driven games have a lot of potential in making something unique like a detective solving mystries game or a simulation game where we are an airline traffic control giving orders to the planes landing and taking off. There can be more creative ideas that I have which remain to be implemented. This genre has strong potential and remains to be explored to create the next hype of games. The friction in this genre is very less
3. AI games are also having true potential. But rather than having things online we need to make a deterministic search for runnign the games offline. like we can have various genres combined. There is some friction in making the in house AI which can run on the device offline itself and can make accurate deterministic predictions based on the player voices or texts they type.

Make things a little more concise. also As an example game I want to have a game like voice driven 1v1 duels. I already had this game in mind where just like a turn based card game or a game like clash royale, players can have 1v1 or 2v2 duels over wizardry. They can choose a deck of enchants and then pronoucne the spells and fight each other. This could be a new competitive game.